README.md, before:

#Objective
<br>

Want to make my own ~40% keyboard, I started by referencing preonic ortholinear keyboard.For the project I'm using **Blender** for modelling and designing prototypes, and a Biqu B1 FDM 3D printer to print prototypes. To drive this keyboard I will be using a Raspberry Pi Pico W with KMK Software.
<br>

## Tasks
 - [x] Take measurements of a pre-existing plate
 - [x] Develop and protype a switch plate for a single keyboard switch
 - [x] Create a 10 column single row
 - [x] Print protype
 - [ ] Solder the Diodes and switches
 - [ ] Assemble base frame
 - [ ] Program the 40% keyboard
 - [ ] Build the base and attach the switch frame
 <br>

### Current Task
<br>

Working on wiring the keyboard using *body_frame_V2*. I plan on using Raspberry Pi Pico W with **KMK Software**, Gateron Red switches, and 1N4148FS-ND for the diodes.
<br>

![Body Frame Top](images/body_frame_V2_top.jpg)


### Task Notes
<br>

Second and Third Task Notes
- Took measurements created prototypes
- Tested found the best fitting, used ***Gateron yellow switches***
- The wedge that holds the switch still feels a little bit tight, May reduce by 1 mm
- Chose a thickness of 1300 mm 
- ***NOTE: When Importing STL file into Cura 4.13 it changes the 1300 mm to 1.3 mm***
- With final thinkness I went ahead and started developing the switch frame plate
- I created the 40 key array at two different sizes to test 
- Attempted to build the body frame but it failed during the print
<br>

![First Prototype](images/10_test.jpg)
<br>

![Failed V1 Prototype](images/frame_failed_print.jpg)
<br>

![Switch Frame Holder](images/switch_holder_sizes.jpg)
<br>

First Task Notes
- Started by taking measurements of a preonic ortholinear keyframe 
- On Blender created a single switch holder, purpose was to verify that the measurements where correct and perform any adjustments

![Measurement notes](images/measurements.jpeg)

Commit message:

wired keyboard and currently on coding and debbuging

README.md, after:

#Objective
<br>

Want to make my own ~40% keyboard, I started by referencing preonic ortholinear keyboard.For the project I'm using **Blender** for modelling and designing prototypes, and a Biqu B1 FDM 3D printer to print prototypes. To drive this keyboard I will be using a Raspberry Pi Pico W with KMK Software.
<br>

## Tasks
 - [x] Take measurements of a pre-existing plate
 - [x] Develop and protype a switch plate for a single keyboard switch
 - [x] Create a 10 column single row
 - [x] Print protype
 - [x] Solder the Diodes and switches
 - [ ] Assemble base frame
 - [x] Program the 40% keyboard
 - [ ] Build the base and attach the switch frame
 <br>

### Current Task
<br>

Working on the code and debbuging; still deciding on how th set the last row currently just have the first 30 keys assigned.
<br>

![Current Code](images/Debug_and_Code.png)
<br>


### Task Notes
<<br>

Added the diodes and chose the pins to use on the Raspberry Pi W.
<br>

![Keyboard and Pi](images/wired_keyboard.jpg)
<br>

![Raspberry Pi Wired](images/raspberry_pi_w.jpg)
<br>

![Body Frame Top](images/body_frame_V2_top.jpg)br>
<br>

Second and Third Task Notes
- Took measurements created prototypes
- Tested found the best fitting, used ***Gateron yellow switches***
- The wedge that holds the switch still feels a little bit tight, May reduce by 1 mm
- Chose a thickness of 1300 mm 
- ***NOTE: When Importing STL file into Cura 4.13 it changes the 1300 mm to 1.3 mm***
- With final thinkness I went ahead and started developing the switch frame plate
- I created the 40 key array at two different sizes to test 
- Attempted to build the body frame but it failed during the print
<br>

![First Prototype](images/10_test.jpg)
<br>

![Failed V1 Prototype](images/frame_failed_print.jpg)
<br>

![Switch Frame Holder](images/switch_holder_sizes.jpg)
<br>

First Task Notes
- Started by taking measurements of a preonic ortholinear keyframe 
- On Blender created a single switch holder, purpose was to verify that the measurements where correct and perform any adjustments

![Measurement notes](images/measurements.jpeg)
